Added Missile Warfare To Community Addons (#192)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Addons.md

SfChunkInfo | FN_FAL113 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Scan the amount of slimefun blocks in a chunk using a single command.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/FN-FAL113/SfChunkInfo/blob/main/README.md) | [GitHub](https://github.com/FN-FAL113/SfChunkInfo) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/FN-FAL113/SfChunkInfo/main/)
VillagerUtil | Apeiros-46B | <details><summary>expand</summary>VillagerUtil adds a few tools that allow for easy transportation of villagers, curing zombified villagers, cycling trades and more.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil/blob/main/README.md) | [GitHub](https://github.com/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil/main)

> MissileWarfare | Kaiyan2006 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Missile Warfare adds a bunch of missiles to slime fun that can be fired at others!</details> | [GitHub](https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare) | N/A | [Releases] (https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MissileWarfare | Kaiyan2006 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Missile Warfare adds a bunch of missiles to Slimefun that can be fired at others!</details> | [GitHub](https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare) | N/A | [Releases] (https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare/releases)
```

Reviewer 2: how did I let that past :notlikethis:

> MissileWarfare | Kaiyan2006 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Missile Warfare adds a bunch of missiles to slime fun that can be fired at others!</details> | [GitHub](https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare) | N/A | [Releases] (https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare/releases)

Reviewer: Is the addon called MissileWarfare or Missile Warfare - you call it both in here - one or the other I think :)
